feat: add spfx utils for disambiguation (#1914)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: packages/mgt-spfx/README.md

**Important:** Since there can be only one version of the SharePoint Framework library for Microsoft Graph Toolkit installed in the tenant, before using MGT in your solution, consult with your organization/customer if they already have a version of SharePoint Framework library for Microsoft Graph Toolkit deployed in their tenant and use the same version to avoid issues.

> If you need to use a different version of MGT than is supported by the centrally deployed version of `mgt-spfx` then please refer to the documentation for [disambiguation](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-components#disambiguation) and [`mgt-spfx-utils`](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-spfx-utils).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use a different version of MGT other than the one supplied by the centrally deployed version of `mgt-spfx` then please refer to the documentation for [disambiguation](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-components#disambiguation) and [`mgt-spfx-utils`](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-spfx-utils).
```
